https://codepen.io/dujules23/pen/eYZqpaM?editors=1100

Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
            Html that reinforces the meaning of the content.
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
            It's a markup language that web browsers use to interpret and compose text.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
            Attributes allow you include information that 
            you don't want to be rendered on the page. Links 
            and images.
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
            This is the largest heading tag. 1 time each page.
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
            Anchor tag and image tag
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
            Document title, basic information about the page.
    
    7. What is an id? 
            Titles that can apply to one element.
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
            <p>, <div>, <body>, <header>

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
            Once.

    10. What is a class? 
            Titles that can apply to multiple elements.
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
            <p>, <div>, <body>, <header>

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
            Multiple times. 
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
            use target="_blank"
            
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
            Used to be a discriptor of the image. 
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
            Using the #.
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
            Section means content is grouped together. Div only represents its child
            elements and has no other real meaning.
            
    17. What is CSS used for? 
            This is used to add style and layout to the web page.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
                h2 {

                }
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
                Class is for multiple elements. Id is for only one element.
                Id is good because it can be used to send user directly to that element on the page. 
                You can use the class to style the elements, while the Id has some unique browser function.
                An example would be to have the id for a heading of a page that will put the user at 
                the beginning of the content for that section.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
            Using the . in front of the name of the class
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
            p.human{

            }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
            This is where one selector is the "bigger" selector and the other is nested 
            inside. This makes it take the properties of the "bigger selector.
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
            div.sidebar{

            }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
            Used to define a special state of an element.
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
            line-height
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
            letter-spacing
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
            text-transform: uppercase;   text-transform: lowercase;   text-transform: capitalize;
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
            div {
                border: 1px solid black;
            }
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
            use *.
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? 
            using /*  */
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
            pwd
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
            ls
   
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
            rm -r, does not prompt in some systems.
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
            Important for work that has a lot of revisions.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
            Often.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
            git push -u origin branch-nameg
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
            fork
            copy url from the code button
            Terminal: git clone url
            cd into new directory
            git checkout -b 'fname-lname'
            Work on project
            git add .
            git commit -m 'message...'
            git push origin -u fname-lname
            Pull Request
            Submit Pull request link to canvas